a backpack iPhone keyboard a jetpack
well maybe not a jetpack
but hey you use these things every day
lots of ordinary objects have secret
features that unlock their full
potential
yeah even toothpicks number one a drawer
under the oven it's simple you need it
to store all those pots and pans hmm
maybe but it wasn't this drawers
original purpose you can use this place
to keep your food warm while something
else is being prepared in the oven two
wooden hangers they might look more
stylish and sturdy than metal or plastic
ones but it's not all about looks
the very first wooden hangers were made
from cedar which is an effective natural
insect repellent the smell scared off
moths and save clothes three fabric
patches some pieces of clothing come
with a small patch of fabric with a
button on it well it's quite obvious how
to use the button the fabrics purpose
isn't so apparent visit to patch holes
then why is it so small well you're
supposed to test your cleaning products
on it then if something goes wrong you
won't ruin the whole garment for diamond
slits on backpacks these diamonds were
originally placed only on traveller
backpacks and were designed to carry
ropes now you can find such slits on
pretty much every backpack why not use
them to carry a bottle of water an
umbrella or a pair of sneakers 5 a hole
in the elevator door this seemingly
random diamond sized hole is actually a
keyhole if the elevator doors get stuck
an operator can open them manually by
inserting a special key in this hole the
same tool is used when an elevator needs
routine maintenance 6 a dent in the milk
container some plastic milk containers
have dents in their sides that can serve
several purposes for one if milk spoils
this process can cause swelling
and high pressure built up inside the
container that's when the dent comes in
handy it pops out and doesn't let the
jug blow up plus if you decide to freeze
the milk it'll expand like any other
liquid and then the indentation will pop
out and prevent the container from
bursting inside the freezer seven
removable head rests even though it
wasn't its original roll a removable
headrest can turn into a crucial
survival tool being trapped in a car you
can use the headrest metal prods to
break the window and get out ate
applesauce lids ever been stranded with
a pack of applesauce but no spoon in
hand oh if I had a nickel then you
probably don't know that each snack pack
already has a built in spoon several
twists of foil lid and ah there you go
nine bread tags colorful plastic tags on
bags of bread indicate when the loaf was
baked the color code is the following
Monday a blue tag Tuesday green Thursday
red Friday Y and on Saturday you can buy
fresh bread with a yellow tag apparently
they don't bake bread on Wednesday
that's so they can loaf around ten
grooves on keyboards palpable lines on
the F and J Keys help those who type
without looking at the keyboard to
position their hands correctly you place
your right and left index fingers on the
grooves and immediately understand where
your other fingers should go none of
which should be up your nose eleven
rings and zippers ever paid attention to
those outer rings and zipper sliders
especially when two sliders are used
together these rings are added so that
you can connect the sliders with a lock
and keep sticky fingers away twelve
Chinese takeaway boxes
a first-timer might think that Chinese
takeaway boxes have a peculiar shape
most experienced diners know that by
unfolding the sides of these containers
you get a paper plate with the food
already sitting on top 13 tricolor
toothpaste lots of toothpastes have blue
red and white stripes such coloring
isn't mere aesthetics all the stripes
have their own ingredients and purposes
the blue one contains antimicrobial
elements and as a breath freshening
effect the red one includes some
ingredients crucial for healthy gums and
the white most valuable stripe removes
plaque and whitens the teeth 14 little
studs on jeans hey that was my gang in
middle school you know the first jeans
had one problem workers and miners who
were the original jeans wearers put so
much stress on their denim pants that it
seems couldn't withstand the pressure
and tore tiny metal studs were invented
to prevent this from happening fifteen
utility knife this instrument is
supposed to last way longer than most
people think
take a good look at the knife's blade
and you'll notice that it's made of
narrow parallel sections when your knife
gets blunt break off the top section
with a cap you find at the bottom
voila you have a brand new sharp blade
again just don't forget to put some
safety gloves and goggles on first 16 a
slot near the iPhone camera not every
iPhone owner pays attention to an almost
unnoticeable little hole between the
camera and the flash
it's the gadget second microphone its
role is to block outside noises when
you're filming a video this microphone
also makes the sound clearer use it when
you're on the phone in a noisy place 17
ketchup cups if you ever use those
flimsy ribbed ketchup containers they
have at fast-food restaurants you
probably wondered why they don't make
them a bit bigger what most people don't
know though is that those ribs should be
pulled outward
thanks to this trick the container can
house way more sauce 18 dental floss
this dental hygiene must-have can slip
out of your fingers entangle to avoid
such problems tear off a piece of floss
and tie its two ends together it'll be
much easier to use and won't hurt your
hands 19 shirt loops if you don't have a
hanger nearby inspect your shirt for a
small loop on the back if there is one
you can use it to hang your shirt on a
locker peg and it won't crease 20 a hole
in the skillet handle most frying pans
have holes in their handles no it's not
for hanging the thing on the wall
although that's also a convenient option
when you're cooking something in the pan
the hole in the handle is there to hold
your messy spoon or spatula it's
especially important for plastic
utensils because you can't leave them in
the pan for too long since you know they
can melt 21 mm - before you when you
need to use one break off the grooved
end and put it on the table it'll serve
as a rest to keep your toothpick from
touching the surface 22 soft drink lid
you've probably noticed that most soft
drink lids have ridges and three bumps
on them with their help the lid can turn
into a coaster once you put it on the
table and place the cup on top of it no
more spillage 23 soda can tab almost all
soda can tabs have a hole in the middle
and it has nothing to do with opening
the thing it was designed to be a holder
for your straw this way you don't have
to worry about your straw floating up
and poking you in the eye so hey did you
learn something new today
then give the video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right
member stay on the bright side of life